tonight an MSNBC exclusive two men one
pool one dream and the man who put it
all together join us tonight for an
inside look at the phenomenon that is
sweeping the country extreme swim this
is my half brother Mike I'm Joel we
together we make up extreme swim it's
kind of a little logo a little thing we
do you know prior to matches and in
competitions just to pump up get us to
get ourselves pumped up what do we do
you ask well we're synchronized swimmers
what do we do you ask well we're
synchronized swimmers well I you know I
think what Mike's trying to say is is he
likes to compete and but he's not the
only one I did too and we make a team
extreme swim and what we're trying to do
is is really beat you know the opponents
and so we've got a weather yeah there's
no more class i'm no i'm not thinking
and I'm not thinking beat him by 0 point
5 or you know you know one point I'm
thinking when we go out to compete
against other swim teams right you know
we want to destroy them we want them to
never want to enter the pool again we we
want to we want to sink them
it hasn't been easy as it Mike ever when
this guy was just not a pound over 240
thank you he's got alligator you've got
nose pinching what's what we call the
big four so you got obviously alligator
chop which we went over before you got
the double where you bring it and you
bring it all around you've got obviously
you've got your touch your over the head
touches and then any and then the fourth
category is anything then where you're
actually below the water submerged if
you will your use you're used to seeing
there you go synchronized swimming teams
like ourselves in a pool maybe an
olympic-sized pool a high school
swimming pool the Y the Y swimming pool
just a public pool any type of pool
we're here today just to kind of touch
base and get back to our roots as soon
as we found out that that
MSNBC wanted to do a documentary on us
just about what cop what type of
adversity we've overcome and what we're
doing now and where we're headed in the
future we this is our first this is the
first thing that popped in our heads
let's go out to nature and tap into our
roots well I think I can I can speak for
my half brother Mike you can't just just
by saying you know we four months ago we
never would have guessed that we'd be
here now when we first started four
months ago see that yeah there's no way
we thought we'd be here in about I can't
enough speaking all of you people at
home all of our fans I know it's got to
be now how many fans right a dozens
dozens and so we're talking here for you
and we go in the pool every day for you
and I guess that's what we're all about
yeah I say you know there's mom and dad
and I have a mop my mom and dad is right
next to joel's on there's there's Joel's
mom and dad Larry and Mary and they're
sitting well sometimes there's a person
in between them but usually they're
right there my parents Darwin and
Dorothy
and dad's waving as it is extreme swim
pennant and Joel's mom Mary is she's
she's confident she has a lot of faith
in us and she's already begun knitting a
new victory cap in fact I just so
happened to have one of her hand spun
hats and this looks like a silly hat to
you but to me it smells spells spells W
for a short for win